Lets hav a referendum !!! demolish or preserve????? let singaporeans decide since Founding PM Lee Kuan Yew served singapore all his life   ..... more important than the meaningless presidential vote in my opinion .....
What I see is that as the PM, our PM has to balance the needs of the family versus the needs of the nation.   Yes, Mr Hsien Yang and Ms Wei Ling wants the home to be demolished in respect to Mr LKY's wishes, but as PM, things are never that clear cut.   Family First or Nation First? That's the Conundrum of PM Lee.
All I read was "Limpeh coming back for you this weekend"
LKY has passed on 2 years ago. His last will should have been settled by now. Seeing as how your siblings only put out a message now goes to show that things have really gone out of hand. They had no other choice but to put out such a condemning statement.   Preserving your father's home will not aid your legacy. Only the job you have done would mean anything. Singapore is a meritocratic democracy. Not a monarchy. Another Lee who deserves the job just because he is LKY's grandson is not in line with LKY's legacy of meritocracy. Therefore respect the old man's wishes and demolish the house with immediate effect.
Sir PM Lee you should seriously consider  suing your own siblings for these 'baseless allegation' these allegation carried far more weight than Roy's online articles!  (added below) OK the PM and his wife sue or not sue in their personal capacity is none of our concern. Their family dirty linen and fight at home also not our problem. But if the allegation is baseless, the Government need to respond officially such as setup a COI to investigate allegation made against the Organs of State namely,  the appointment of new AGC,  Ministry of National Development and Prime Minister Office.
Dear Sir, as outsiders, it is unfair for any of us to judge your family matters and I felt very sad as a Singaporean that your siblings had chosen such a way to put the interest of stability of Singapore aside to make such allegations arising out of a family dispute. Singapore is in good hands of good leadership and a very capable team, I am still very proud and assured to have you as our PM. It is very easy for anyone to just complain and leave the country while it is the toughest for one who stay behind and guard the interest of the country under the eyes of the citizens. Please take care and have a good break.
With all due respect, what they did at 3 am while you are on vacation is a new low imo. I trust you will do right by your parents and for the country. I pray for God to grand you the strength you need.
I guess such a lengthy statement by the siblings was their last resort. I doubt they fancy washing linens in public as well. It does show that there is a lot of things happening at the highest levels without the public knowing. I suspect this is just the tip of the iceberg we are seeing
Dear sir, vacation leave is a sacred issue for all Singaporeans. Please have a good break and deal with this only when you come back.
Dear PM Sir, 2 moments that stayed with me.  1. The teary moment where you had to play the role of mourning eldest son and PM of Singapore during LKY's funeral.  2. NDR where you fought back despite falling during your speech.  No one should doubt you and LKY's love for Our Singapore.  We have absolute faith and confidence in your leadership.  We count our blessings to have you as our PM.  We are with you in this private family matter.  God bless.
